DOC-4351: Document the new query param wcm.config.parameterizedURIParam (#167)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Configuration_eXo_Platform.rst

   +=============================+==========+==========================================================================================================================+=============================================================================================================================+
   | ``parameterizedPageURI``    | string   | ``${wcm.config.parameterizedPageURI:/detail}``                                                                           | Contains the path to a page which displays the full content of a document provided by a URL on the browser's address bar.   |
   +-----------------------------+----------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | ``parameterizedURIParam``   | string   | ``${wcm.config.parameterizedURIParam:content-id}``                                                                       | Contains the path to a web content that could be displayed in search.                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | ``parameterizedURIParam``   | string   | ``${wcm.config.parameterizedURIParam:content-id}``                                                                       | Contains the parameter that takes the URL of a document on the browser's address bar to be displayed in the ``parameterizedPageURI``.                                                       |
```
